@dest: C:\Users\Leonardo\AppData\Roaming\Sublime Text 3\Packages\LeoCodeIntel\Javascript snippets
@scope: source.js




// http://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_obj_string.asp
charAt(index)                                               // String
charCodeAt(index)                                           // String
concat(string1, string2)                                    // String
fromCharCode(n1, n2)                                        // String
indexOf(searchvalue, start)                                 // String
lastIndexOf(searchvalue, start)                             // String
localeCompare(compareString)                                // String
match(regexp)                                               // String
replace(searchvalue, newvalue)                              // String
search(searchvalue)                                         // String
slice(start, end)                                           // String
split(separator, limit)                                     // String
substr(start, length)                                       // String
substring(start, end)                                       // String
toLocaleLowerCase()                                         // String
toLocaleUpperCase()                                         // String
toLowerCase()                                               // String
toUpperCase()                                               // String
trim()                                                      // String









// http://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_obj_number.asp
toFixed(x)                                                  // Number
toExponential(x)                                            // Number
toPrecision(x)                                              // Number





// http://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_obj_math.asp
abs(x)                                                      // Math
asin(x)                                                     // Math
acos(x)                                                     // Math
ceil(x)                                                     // Math
cos(x)                                                      // Math
atan(x)                                                     // Math
floor(x)                                                    // Math
log(x)                                                      // Math
exp(x)                                                      // Math
atan2(y, x)                                                 // Math
min(n1, n2)                                                 // Math
pow(x, y)                                                   // Math
random()                                                    // Math
round(x)                                                    // Math
max(n1, n2)                                                 // Math
sqrt(x)                                                     // Math
sin(x)                                                      // Math
tan(x)                                                      // Math




// http://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_obj_date.asp
getDate()                                                   // Date
getFullYear()                                               // Date
getMilliseconds()                                           // Date
getHours()                                                  // Date
getDay()                                                    // Date
getMinutes()                                                // Date
getMonth()                                                  // Date
getSeconds()                                                // Date
getUTCDate()                                                // Date
getTimezoneOffset()                                         // Date
getUTCDay()                                                 // Date
getTime()                                                   // Date
getUTCFullYear()                                            // Date
getUTCHours()                                               // Date
getUTCSeconds()                                             // Date
getUTCMonth()                                               // Date
getUTCMinutes()                                             // Date
parse(datestring)                                           // Date
setDate(day)                                                // Date
getUTCMilliseconds()                                        // Date
setHours(hour, min, sec, millisec)                          // Date
setMinutes(min, sec, millisec)                              // Date
setSeconds(sec, millisec)                                   // Date
setUTCDate(day)                                             // Date
setTime(millisec)                                           // Date
setFullYear(year, month, day)                               // Date
setMonth(month, day)                                        // Date
setMilliseconds(millisec)                                   // Date
setUTCHours(hour, min, sec, millisec)                       // Date
setUTCMilliseconds(millisec)                                // Date
setUTCMinutes(min, sec, millisec)                           // Date
setUTCFullYear(year, month, day)                            // Date
setUTCMonth(month, day)                                     // Date
setUTCSeconds(sec, millisec)                                // Date
toDateString()                                              // Date
toUTCString()                                               // Date
toJSON()                                                    // Date
toISOString()                                               // Date
toLocaleDateString()                                        // Date
toLocaleTimeString()                                        // Date
toLocaleString()                                            // Date
UTC(year, month, day, hours, minutes, seconds, millisec)    // Date
toTimeString()                                              // Date













// http://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_obj_array.asp
concat(array2, array3)                                      // Array
indexOf(item, start)                                        // Array
join(separator)                                             // Array
pop()                                                       // Array
reverse()                                                   // Array
push(item1, item2)                                          // Array
slice(start, end)                                           // Array
splice(index, howmany, item)                                // Array
sort(compareFunction)                                       // Array
shift()                                                     // Array
lastIndexOf(item, start)                                    // Array
unshift(item1, item2)                                       // Array





// http://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_obj_global.asp
decodeURI(uri)                                              // Global
encodeURIComponent(uri)                                     // Global
eval(string)                                                // Global
escape(string)                                              // Global
decodeURIComponent(uri)                                     // Global
encodeURI(uri)                                              // Global
isNaN(value)                                                // Global
Number(object)                                              // Global
parseInt(string, radix)                                     // Global
parseFloat(string)                                          // Global
String(object)                                              // Global
isFinite(value)                                             // Global
unescape(string)                                            // Global





// http://www.w3schools.com/jsref/dom_obj_document.asp
addEventListener(event, function, useCapture)               // Document
createElement(nodename)                                     // Document
getElementById(elementID)                                   // Document
getElementsByClassName(classname)                           // Document
getElementsByName(name)                                     // Document
getElementsByTagName(tagname)                               // Document
hasFocus()                                                  // Document
importNode(node, deep)                                      // Document
querySelector(CSS selectors)                                // Document
querySelectorAll(CSS selectors)                             // Document
removeEventListener(event, function, useCapture)            // Document
renameNode(node, namespaceURI, nodename)                    // Document





// Snippets na forma normal de leitura do Sublime
foreach             forEach(function (${1:elem}, ${2:index}) {\n	${0}\n});             foreach